D2IQ-64369: Add AWS role based cloud provider (#2767)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/latest/operations/cloud-providers/index.md

Figure 6 - Cloud Provider Form

## Configuring an AWS cloud provider

> When creating an AWS cloud provider, you can choose between `Static` authentication method and [Role-based authentication method][instance_profiles].

Reviewer: unsure if we maybe should name it `Role based` instead of `Role-based`
but for sure `iam_roles` instead of `instance_profiles`🙏

Author: wiki says role-based https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role-based_access_control :)

}
```

### Role-based Authentication Method

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>The Role authentication method can only be used if your management cluster is running in AWS.</p>

> To utilize this option you going to need to attach the role to the instances your Kommander cluster is running. Unless you created the Kommander cluster [using the Instance Profile](/ksphere/konvoy/latest/install/install-aws/advanced-provisioning/#iam-instance-profiles) already.

Reviewer: This is not right.
Another role created does not need to be attached to the instances.
But at least you should have, next to other policies the Kommander cluster needs anyway, the following policy attached to the same role the cluster has attached at the moment: 

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "AssumeRoleKommander",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::YOURACCOUNTRESTRICTION:role/THEROLEYOUCREATED"
        }
    ]
}
```

Author: With this one I need a little help. I don't quite understand how to change the paragraph :)

Reviewer: please remove the backslashes I used for escaping the suggestions content 😬 

```suggestion
To utilize this option you need to attach the following policy to the role which is attached to your Kommander cluster.
\`\`\`json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "AssumeRoleKommander",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::YOURACCOUNTRESTRICTION:role/THEROLEYOUCREATED"
        }
    ]
}
\`\`\`
Instead of doing this manually you can add the following file `iam-stsAssumeKommander.tf` into the `extras/provisioner/` directory next to your `cluster.yaml`
\`\`\`terraform
# Attaching sts:AssumeRole to the default node role from konvoy
resource "aws_iam_role_policy" "agent_policy_assumerole_kommander" {
  count = "${var.create_iam_instance_profile ? 1 : 0}"
  name  = "AssumeRoleKommander"
  role  = "${aws_iam_role.node_role.id}"

  policy = <<EOF
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "AssumeRoleKommander",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::YOURACCOUNTRESTRICTION:role/THEROLEYOUCREATED"
        }
    ]
}
EOF
}
\`\`\`
```

Author: fixed thank you!

#### Fill out the form

1. Fill out a display name for your cloud provider for later reference
2. Fill out the Role ARN

> 3. Optionally fill out the [External ID][external_id]

Reviewer: Please add: `You want to do that if you share the role with a 3rd party and to secure your environment from accidentally used roles.`

Reviewer: See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html. Maybe also add this as a link.

Author: 👍

Once created, a Provider’s display name or credentials can be updated.

## Deleting a cloud provider

When attempting to delete a cloud provider Kommander first verifies if any existing managed clusters were created using the provider. The cloud provider cannot be deleted until all clusters created with the cloud provider have been deleted. This is to ensure Kommander has access to your cloud provider to remove all resources created for a managed cluster.

[inventory_file]: https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/intro_inventory.html

> [instance_profiles]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html

Reviewer: iam_roles 🙏
